and any things that you thought
having had a huge first success that you
thought would be easier the second time
than actually weren't
well i thought this year easier
and you guys all know for starting
companies it's not easy and
i think you just get older and more
tired and still
like no one's picking up the ball and
running with you still there's things
you have to do
yeah um i think there's higher
expectations so there's a different type
of stress um you know the first time
around no one has expectations everyone
thinks you're going to fail
and so it's just kind of like it's
comforting in the early days yeah it is
like you know if you do it's not a big
deal you get a badge of monitor this
time around people have expectations and
they throw money at you and um that's
that's that's definitely nerve-wracking
and i think the other big lesson
or big difference is uh i figured let's
go get some of those same people that we
worked with last time
yeah getting the band back get the
people that have been there done that
and we'll upgrade in other places and
get more of the more people that have
been there done that
and then you lose that wonderful thing
that happens in a
brand new startup with brand new
founders is
everyone's like trying to make a name
for themselves everyone's putting
everything on the line
and it's all been there done that and it
all kind of ends at six seven o'clock
and there's not the 11 30 text messages
and so we had to make sure we pulled
some of those
i mean generally speaking younger people
in and promoting them
and making it their life and and having
that kind of energy
is extremely important was it so there's
the energy and then also sometimes
everyone wants to get the band back
together right it's the easiest way to
repeat
lightning sure but do you find that
sometimes it's they only want to do
things sort of the way that where they
were successful was that was that an
issue as well
yeah and that's what we want to do we
know what we know how to crush it one
way and the world evolves
well i mean even with me i mean there's
things that
i was sure were gonna work the same way
yeah there were some things i knew that
we screwed up and i'm like we've gotta
improve those things
um you know and you definitely shoot
people in the head a lot faster
because you've learned that less than a
million times um
but you know there's things like we
at omniture it was really easy to sell
it's like do you have a website okay
here you need to web analytics
yeah and domo is not as easy people
don't understand they're like
well it's bi we're like no no no no
that's and like oh it's bi 2.0 and i'm
like no that's kind of like this
sucks 2.0 because bi kind of sucked
and so it's uh understanding how to be
much more consultative in the selling
process and training the whole
organization on that process
is something we had to really we had to
completely relearn so that was different
and you need different dna in the team
you think
some dna difference yes and
i think uh i'm really comfortable i mean
if people come into my office which they
often do to come and complain about
somebody else on the team
yeah first thing i do is call that
person say hey come in here
okay say it again and you know it makes
people uncomfortable but they learn real
quick like we're not going to walk
around and complain about each other
we're going to
get in a room we're going to figure it
out we're going to fight and we're not
going to make it personal
um but if you're going to come in here
and say something about somebody then
that person is going to be walking in
here two minutes later so
um but i think uh i mean that's what's
spun fighting and trying to make things
win and beating the heck out of
competition and that's that's fun